Bring back the VOs to the docs (#381)
EGI-Federation/documentation: content/en/users/notebooks/_index.md

## Service Modes

We offer different service modes depending on your needs

### Notebooks for researchers

Individual users can use the centrally operated service from EGI. Users can

> login, write and play and re-play notebooks by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
log in, write and play and re-play notebooks by:
```
